acces :		The access() function checks to see if the file or directory specified by path exists and if it can 
			be accessed with the file access permissions given by amode. However, unlike other functions 
			(open() for example), it uses the real user ID and real group ID in place of the effective user and group IDs.

open :		Open the fd entered in different mode (read/write or both)

unlink :	The unlink function deletes the file name filename . If this is a file's sole name, the file itself is also deleted.
			(Actually, if any process has the file open when this happens, deletion is postponed until all processes have closed
			the file.) The function unlink is declared in the header file unistd.

close :		Close the fd openned.

read :		Read in the fd entered.

write :		Write on the fd entered.

malloc :	Allocate memory on the stack.

waitpid :	The waitpid() system call suspends execution of the current process until a child specified by pid argument has changed state.
			By default, waitpid() waits only for terminated children, but this behaviour is modifiable via the options argument, as described
			below.
			https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCGaRdArSnA

			The difference between dup and dup2 is that dup assigns the lowest available file descriptor number, while dup2 lets you choose
			the file descriptor number that will be assigned and atomically closes and replaces it if it's already taken.

wait :		A call to wait() blocks the calling process until one of its child processes exits or a signal is received. After child process
			terminates, parent continues its execution after wait system call instruction.

free :		Free memory on the stack.

pipe :		pipe() creates a pipe, a unidirectional data channel that can be used for interprocess communication.  The ar‐
			ray pipefd is used to return two file descriptors referring to the ends of the pipe.  pipefd[0] refers to  the
			read  end  of  the pipe.  pipefd[1] refers to the write end of the pipe.  Data written to the write end of the
			pipe is buffered by the kernel until it is read from the read end of  the  pipe.   For  further  details,  see
			pipe(7).

dup :		The dup() system call creates a copy of a file descriptor.

dup2 :		The dup2() system function is used to create a copy of an existing file descriptor. In Linux, there are 3
			standard file descriptors. They are: stdin: This is the standard input file descriptor.

execve :	The execve() function replaces the current process image with a new process image specified by path . The new image
			is constructed from a regular, executable file called the new process image file. No return is made because the calling
			process image is replaced by the new process image.

fork :		Fork system call is used for creating a new process, which is called child process, which runs concurrently with the
			process that makes the fork() call (parent process). After a new child process is created, both processes will execute
			the next instruction following the fork() system call. A child process uses the same pc(program counter), same CPU registers,
			same open files which use in the parent process. It takes no parameters and returns an integer value.
			https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cex9XrZCU14

perror :	The POSIX error function, perror, is used in C and C++ to print an error message to stderr, based on the error state
			stored in errno.It prints str and an implementation-defined error message corresponding to the global variable errno.

strerror :	The C library function char *strerror(int errnum) searches an internal array for the error number errnum and returns
			a pointer to an error message string. The error strings produced by strerror depend on the developing platform and compiler.

exit :		The C library function void exit(int status) terminates the calling process immediately. Any open file descriptors belonging
			to the process are closed and any children of the process are inherited by process 1, init, and the process parent is sent a
			SIGCHLD signal.
	dup2(open(argv[argc - 1], O_WRONLY | O_CREAT, 0777), 1);
